README.md, before:

PROJECTIONS - AN IDEA COMPANY
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The purpose of this readme is to help anyone who uses the site (PROJECTIONS) to use
it appropriately for their needs.


###Some Definitions

Artist - A legal person or group responsible for legally creating, owning,  and sell
	 ing artwork - initially for the purposes of this site, in the area of music.

Projection - This is, at the most basic level, an idea. A projection could be a mapp
	     ing of a particular artist's work onto a particular domain or medium or
	     an original work intended for an artist's particular performance and ow
	     nership.

User - Anyone who wants to use the site for the purpose of submitting projections.

Creator - The party responsible for overseeing the implementation and or physical m
	  anifestation of a projection. This may be the user, the artist, or a pote
	  ntial third party specified in the projection submission.


###Users

This section will contain instructions for users to follow. 



###Artists

This section will contain instructions for artists to follow.

Commit message:

page stubs and basic css and graphics for header

README.md, after:

###PROJECTIONS - AN IDEA COMPANY

The purpose of this readme is to help anyone who uses the site (PROJECTIONS) to use
it appropriately for their needs.


###Some Definitions

Artist - A legal person or group responsible for legally creating, owning,  and sell
	 ing artwork - in the area of music (for the current purposes of the busines
	 s).

Projection - This is, at the most basic level, an idea. A projection could be a mapp
	     ing of a particular artist's work onto a different domain or medium or
	     an original work intended for an artist's particular performance and ow
	     nership.

User - Anyone who wants to use the site for the purpose of submitting projections.

Creator - The party responsible for overseeing the implementation and or physical m
	  anifestation of a projection. This may be the user, the artist, or a pote
	  ntial third party specified in the projection submission.


###Users

Fill out the form under 'Submit A Projection' from the home page or your user profil
e page. You may be contacted and follow-up information may be requested from you.

The projection submission form will be generated based on the initial category selec
tion. Currently, the categories are: Film, Painting/Static, Song.

A 'Film' Projection will be required to have a minimal description of the idea, a
script draft, and a set of 'storyboards'. These may be acquired by the user through
the process of collaboration with Creators on the site.

A 'Painting/Static' Projection can be any static visual medium, including but not li
mited to: painting, mosaic, relief, sculpture.

A 'Song' Projection

###Creators

Creators are users or people who collaborate with users in the act of creating the p
hysical constructions of Projections.

###Artists

Step 1: Create an artist account.
Step 2: Browse projections/ hang out while we find users who have submitted project
	ions with you in mind!
